he arrived with a serious face and also
carrying a serious responsibility of
be the promise of the athletic with this face
serious that never deceived me
lucas pratto introduced himself to the athletic
on January 7 or less than
a month and it 's not what you 're getting to know
the real profile of him that has nothing to
to see with it here the face is not closed
very different between a hug and another
a humorous review during the
trainings
adaptation to the group does not appear to be
problem for Argentina in the first
day the hembrey the first days are
always the hardest I believe in
that the group has adapted friend count and
google chrome with the old one that the group is
very good and was much easier than
I expected the thing a lot to clean
General of mpco lucas pratto descolado
brings the boldness he has already shown in
field
bid them much the simpsons is
cartoon from my childhood
all my life then to me then I
I'm looking for tattoos that boston
not just symbolic things and russia
they are not symbolic
no use head console not because
apparently has to worry about the
cock and it was from that head and he
so much that the first goal came to
let the athleticana crowd full of
hopes and who has to scratch that
are the same adversaries that later
to see the then Sergio Lucas Pratto
play soccer
at least they have the flea behind the
ear
cream 1st leiria to first give joy
the athletic who hired me and for that
Have to make a good bag.
and thoughtful and put fear in the
opponents that have a problem
I intend to put fear in the
Argentina
In Brazil you are accustomed to the style.
3d style in tradings a hair here
and playing could not be rock'n'roll anymore
even more is metal cock
now an interesting thing on the plate and
from Carlos is that the dish you get a
little of the area and Carlos is the top scorer
of basic has hit record in all
categories and olic did the opposite
put the case was running the championship
ary then take train so far
during the pre-season the opposite
as in the case of finalization was not in the
classic